With the growing requirement of video games, there is a considerable debate over what kinds of influence video games pose to the players' mental health. From my perspective, video games bring more advantages than threats.

On the one hand, video games not only boost players' intelligence but also broaden their horizon. With splendid visual performance and attractive stories, video games can be used for acquiring knowledge and practicing special skills. For instance, the game "Battlefield" describes a series of real stories during World War II, and makes an ever authentic simulation of battle field, which improves players' recognition about the cruel war. Besides, another game called "PC Building Simulator" contributes to enhancing players' build PC capability, which makes online video games training more mature. Meanwhile, when customers choose a game, they might take the educational value into account. What impresses the gaming field is that the success of "The Legend of Zleda", which contains basic physical rule in the game. It can be imagined that teachers could use it to teach students about the items movement vividly.

On the other hand, addicting to video games poses a tremendous threat to players. Especially when it comes to teenagers, who are vulnerable to internet addiction, playing computer games for a long time has become their comfort zone. As a consequence, they tend to rely on computer games to get rid of the pain from reality and their relationships. The trouble followed, not only physical exhaustion but also mental stress makes them struggle to live.

In conclusion, video games are double-edged swords. What is important is not never to prevent using it, but to take advantage of its potential as a educational tool, at the same time, players should be aware of the potential risks.

