Nowadays, with the innovations in technology, reading books online seems to be a convenient choice compared with reading offline, for which readers can obtain any books without paying. As a result, the paper-based reading media might be replaced by steadily developing online reading. However, I hold the view that printed books should never be replaced.
As far as I am concerned, it is the cultural value and user-friendly that make the printed books essential for humans' daily life. What needs to be emphasized is that the printed books own much more mental value than their content, for instance, the precious treasures of history are hidden in the ancient books, from which we can not only learn how people lived in the past but also inherit the culture and costumes from the labours’ intelligence. Paying for the printed books not only shows our respect for the authors but also boosts our cultural confidence. Plus, it is the private deeds that make the authors' passion and enthusiasm to create and write decline over the years, which also influence the quality of content.
After boasting the benefit of printed books, I have to come to the admission that it has a limit. With the soaring technological development, the convenience of online reading has become more and more effective. For example, people could read almost anything if they could connect to the internet. Besides, the capability of content which can be instantly translated to everyone on the internet should never be ignored.
All in all, the digital media for reading has become a dominant trend for its convenience and low price. However, it never means that we should replace the physical reading. What we should do is take the essence and discard the dregs.